Inheritance
Edward Matthew Kurniawan - 24400323216

Question set 1
a)	The Genus class is the super class of the Species class
b)	The Specimen class employs the Species class in its instance variable, but they have no inheritance relation
c)  Check the image file in the rar
d)	The Genus class code is very reusable and could be used every time a Species object is created. meaning that
    the code is very reusable and this will also avoid any duplicate code. The second benefit is that by writing the
    code like this, it simplifies testing because a successful function inherited from the parent class does not need
    to be tested again in the child class
e)	1. Because the toString() method in the Genus class and the Species class returns different things
    2. This property is called “overriding”

Question set 2
a)	Encapsulation is the process of hiding data. Storing the variables using the private or protected access modifier and constructing the setter and accessor methods to directly access the data.
b)	1. Sensitive data is hidden to the public
    2. It makes the class easier to debug in case of something going wrong
c)	The code will be in the Genus.java file
d)  One of the accessor method is the getName() method
e)  One of the instance variable is the name variable
f)  If the Specimen class is designed as a sub-class of the Species class, then the Species class code will have more
    usability, but the downside is that the Species class will have to rely on the implementation of the Species
    class to be fully working, meaning that the Species class will need to have consistent data with all Specimen
    implementation

Question set 3
a)  The easiest way to implement markings is basically initializing the markings as an instance variable. Then we
    could make a getter and setter method to access and change the marking as necessary
b)  The method will be found in the Specimen class
c)  The pseudocode will look something like this:

    // animals is the array containing the Specimen objects
    // UNIQUE is a collection, initialized as empty
    // SPECIES is the Species object list
    *Main idea is to loop NUMBER to the number of elements according to the array
    NEW_SPECIES = true
    UNIQUE.resetNext()
    loop while UNIQUE.hasNext()
    if UNIQUE.getNext() = species of animals[NUMBERS] then NEW_SPECIES = false end if
    end loop
    UNIQUE.resetNext()
    loop while UNIQUE.getNext()
    SPECIES = UNIQUE.getNext()
    output SPECIES.toString()
    end loop

Question set 4
a)  1. An ADT exports a type
    2. it exports a set of operations
    3. Operations of the interface are the one and only access mechanism to the type's data structure
    4. Axioms and preconditions define the application domain of the type
*FOR THE OTHER THINGS IN QUESTION SET 4, THE ANSWER IS IN THE DRIVER CLASS
